Pathetic Fantasy
by: Nathan Marin
Date: Dec 2 2024
Course: Creative Writing
Table of contexts: “Pathetic Fantasy” 
Characters: Rey, Pac, Murf, Vulcan, Ayman, Heron, Luca, Diel.

          Purpose for the themes: the themes I chose are; loneliness, and being led astray. The reason for the theme about being led astray is that at the beginning of the story, Rey is seen coming out of the “forest of the lost”. This is ironic in the sense that Rey is the one who's lost. This shows that he's in a state in his life that he needs someone like Pac who is a guide to him to help bring him back on track and introduce him to humanity and the kindness that it could bring, in that sense Vulcan is like the opposite by feeding him bad intentions and making him an outcast like himself. The reason for the theme loneliness is that even though Rey is with Pac, Murf, Vulcan, and Ayman, he still feels a sense of loneliness like he's not there with them. The reason I'm writing this and about these themes is because when I thought of making a story I had just finished watching a sad story and I wanted to make a character that felt that way. I came up with this story many years ago but never felt compelled to write it out until this year. I always thought of these characters and what I could do with this story. I’ve made a game with my friend about the first couple of parts in the story but never got very far. I did some story writing for the game and have implemented some of my ideas into this piece but I'm glad I've made the differences I made because the story feels more complete than when I initially wrote the beginning. I feel very contempt with the themes I've chosen because I feel them to be important emotions that I haven't seen in very many writing pieces that I've either written or read. The purpose of me writing this is to create a story with realistic emotions in an action setting. For me, this is the first story I've put this much time and effort into. I want to create stories that are well rounded in the sense that they feel so many different emotions, not just sadness or joy. I want to use more conflicting emotions and ideologies. I want to expand this story to more than just this document, I want to add more to my game, and even draw out the story to be comic book like.

Part 1 “Forest of the lost”

  While Rey makes his way through the dense forest, he comes across an abandoned wagon. Rey takes a good look around to make sure he's safe to peek inside. Inside the wagon, there appears to be a map of a town called “Jericho.” Rey, who can't read, follows the red line that has been drawn in what appears to be red dye. About an hour into Rey’s journey, he comes across a ray of light peering through the tall, overgrown trees, he stops to take a look around. Rey drops to the ground comforting his head as it starts to pound again, just as it had been doing since that day he lost everything. In his confusion, Rey forgets again why he's even here on this journey or what his goal is, 

        “was it to find someone, something?” Rey asks himself. After reaching the end of the trail he notices that the forest comes to an abrupt stop. He peers out of the thick, heavy branches to a beautiful landscape like he’s never seen. To his right is a sign that reads “Forest of the Lost.” Rey gives the confusing sign a node. 
“I see you made it outta there, youngin,” a voice reaches out to Rey. Rey does not respond. 
“Well, what’s it to ya?” a short and scraggly old man says, appearing seemingly behind the wind, reaching his shriveled hand out for a formal greeting. Rey trains his eyes past the cliff towards a valley and into the deep forest Making sure this isn't some set up. He doesn’t respond to the man's polite gesture, instead giving him a distrustful stare like he’s waiting for him to try something.
“Well, where are you coming from, youngin?” says the old man who is still trying to make conversation. Rey, still not responding, walks past the man to an outlook squinting his eyes against the beaming sun to get a look of a seemingly small yet populated town. 
“Now that down there is Jericho,” the old man tells Rey. At this point, the old man’s suspicion has reached its peak. 
“Tell me, really, who are you?” The old man says with a timid look on his face. Rey thinks of what to say to this stranger, 
“what if he's an enemy waiting for me to drop my guard, or even worse, a monster posing as an old man”
“Nothing,” Rey finally says. 
“So tell me a little about yourself then” the old man laughs. Rey seems to put back on his quiet nature. 
“Well, you seem hungry; why don't you come down to my humble home and have a bite to eat?” the old man gestures for Rey to follow. 
“Why?” Rey asks. 
“Well, why not?” responds the old man. Rey takes some time to respond, not wanting to indulge in this conversation. 
“I could be a bandit or even a monster,” Rey questions the old man, slightly annoyed. 
“You don’t seem like a monster, or at least look like one?” Replies the old man. Rey starts to get irritated at the fact that the old man won't leave him alone.
“Or you could be the monster luring me back to eat me!” Rey shoots the old man a daring glare. 
“Well now I'm just being polite here. True I don't know you, youngin, but that doesn't make a difference; you're living, aren’t you? You must eat,” the old man responds. Rey's stomach starts to growl, and his quiet persona he's been putting on starts to crack. Rey sighs and gives into the old man’s politeness giving him a look of defeat. Rey sighs,
“What are you having?”. The wind covers the old mans ears muffling out what Rey had said,
“Pardon youngin?”  
“What are you having for a bite to eat?” Rey clarifies. 
“Follow me, youngin,” the old man begs. 

Part 2 “On the way”


          “Ah! I totally forgot to introduce myself” the old man proclaimed. 
“I’m Pac, my friends just call me Old Man for some reason” Pac says with a disappointing look on his face. 
“What should I call you If you even have a name”. Rey’s brain starts to pound against his skull, it seems like he’s forgotten, but gives Pac a slight grin under his mask. Rey’s clothing choices are questionable with his body being covered in white bandages head to toe with the addition of armor underneath. With Rey’s tall stature and lean physique, no one dares question him about his stylistic choice. After a bit of walking Rey senses resting eyes watching him and the old man. Trees shake as the eye grows closer and closer. 
“Get down old man!” Rey shouts as he lifts his hands into the air like he’s conducting a band. From the old man’s view the following happens in the blink of an eye. Multiple dark shadowy figures leap from the trees towards Rey, then simultaneously Rey wooches his hands to his side now pointing at the targets. A beam of white light falls from the sky piercing where his fingers are pointing at, which are the dark figures. The beam disintegrates them. After the light fades, it looks to be pulled back up into the sky. 
“What was that?” Pac asks Rey while being glued to the ground by fear. 
“Hunting wolves,” Rey answers. 
“No no no, what was that beam of light! that your hands controlled?” Pac clarifies. “It's an ability,” Rey answers. 
“Really now, that rare” pac says in awe recovering from the attack. 
“Rare?” Asks Rey. 
“Well, ability welders haven’t really been seen around these parts for many years, not even the local military has one`” pac exclaims. 
“To be frank, the world of ability welders is dying as the age of the celestial dragon weapons are taking over.” The old man says. Rey walks as if he disregarded what the old man had said. 
“Anyway, the town's entrance is just up this hill” hurries Pac not wanting to be late for work. Rey gives the Old man a look of confusion as to why he was up there in the first place. 
“Well youngin, i'm a carpenter, my life’s not much fun. I like to come up here when the sun rises to feel some peace” Pac answers Rey’s look. Before Rey could think of something to say Pac interrupts. 
“Well looky here, we made it, phew, I was worried more of those wolfs would show up!’’ Exclaims Pac.

Part 3 “town of Jericho”


          The town Rey enters is something he's never experienced before. The streets are filled with busy people and the buildings look alive with people entering and going. Pac leads Rey into this underwhelming wood shack. The walls are caked with moss and dirt. 
“In here” calls Pac who entered before Rey. 
Pac gives Rey a grin “This is it”. Rey enters the shop not expecting much but is surprised to see wood carvings that look surreal. A scream is heard outside the shop. Rey recognizes the screaming that he’s long gotten used to. He rushes out to see the commotion hoping the scream is connected to his past somehow, with Pac following far behind. Out on the street, there appears to be a herd of calvary of some sort. 
“Thats th- the capitols military!” Pac states. It looks like a kid ran into one of the knights that was patrolling the main street. The people around seem to shutter at what punishment awaits this kid. The knight who got ran into hops off the horse, and takes off their helmet. It’s a woman standing at a tall height with long dark hair. Rey stares with his body going stiff and a blank expression as if he recognizes her. 
“You ok youngin?” Askes Pac. 
“It’s her,” Rey says, still staring. The lady knight lowers herself to the crying child. “Are you hurt?” She asks with a calm look. The kid is too frightened to speak. The lady speaks,
“Run along now child”. 
“Lieutenant Commander Murphy!” A loud voice shouts from the front of the herd. “What’s the hold up!” the voice shouts again. Murphy gets back on her horse as the herd takes off. Rey is left in awe at what he is seeing. Rey follows the knights leaving Pac behind at the shop. The knights make it out of the town to the meadowy hills where Rey and Pac entered from, when Murphy spots Rey in pursuit. Everything seems to disappear and all that’s left is the image of Rey’s only friend right in front of him once again. Alas, the pain that tortures his head begins once again and he loses that thought, snapping back to his surroundings, losing the memory of why he’s here or who this lady in front of him is. 

Part 4 “flashback”


          Before, when Rey was just a little kid, not even 10. His village was massacred by a raid of mercenaries. All that was left were a few survivors including Rey. They were captured by a group of mercenaries called “Hawks” chihuahua were a terrifying and gruesome cluster of murderers and thieves. They were taken to an abandoned castle that the Hawks took hold of. They then took the remaining townspeople down into a massive cellar. It was dark, wet, and smelled of dirt. There were many others down there from other conquered villages and towns. 
“Where are we?” one of the townspeople asked with worry. 
“You’re in hell” a voice answered. 
“You are where you'll never be free” another voice states. A hand reached out to Rey to comfort him. It’s a girl, around the same age as him. 
“Hi, I'm Murphy, you just call me Murf for short ok?” She tells him. 
“H-hi im Rey” he responds. Many grueling years went by in that hell. The only thing that kept one another sane was to find the smallest thing hilarious. Murf was always more optimistic than Rey, she could make the most of hurting captives crack a slight smile with her jokes. One day, Rey met up with Murf and asked, 
“how’s the morning” instead of “how’s your morning”. Murf thought this to be hilarious and from then on that became their greeting. Every morning from then on, “Hey Rey, How’s the morning?”. After a while, that greeting got old, as many others around grew too weak to survive, the morning became predictable, “terrible” was always the response. Rey and Murf were one of very few that “survived” that hell. One day, a rumble could be heard from the depths of Rey’s cage. A cannonball shot through the cellar creating a gaping hole. A rush of prisoners forced their way out as Rey and Murf made their way to join them. The capitols military was raiding the remainder of the Hawks. The hole made by the cannonball was unstable, and when it was time for Rey and Murf to make their escape Rey let Murf go on first. Murf made it out as Rey took one step towards freedom and was crushed by the collapsing wall. “Rey!!” Screamed Murf, unknowingly alerting the entire army of their whereabouts. The commander sent a foot soldier to see what the commotion was all about. The soldier spotted a little girl on the battlefield and he snatched her up to take to safety. “No my friends right there!” Screamed Murf. Rey's last thoughts before darkness to hold was, “your my everything”. he laid there crushed for what seemed like eternity, in complete darkness. Many years passed as Murf was conditioned to become one of the capital's most ruthless and vicious commanders. Meanwhile Rey layd crippled waiting for the day he could meet his friend once more. 

Part 5 “conflict and memories”


          “Tailing the capitols military is not a good idea” warns Murf. 
“It’s-” Rey tries to speak. He can’t get the words out, trying to remember why he’s even here. 
“Run along if you want to live” threatens Murf. 
“No” is the only thing Rey can get out as his memory snaps back. He knows if she gets away again there might not be another chance. 
“No?” Questions Murf. 
“You want this here to be the last day you live?” She questions again. Rey stands motionless, never imagining he would find her so fast. 
“H-how’s th-the morning” Rey manages to squeeze out. Murf went quiet. Her men, thinking it had to be some kind of spell, leapt off their horses to prepare for battle. “What'd you do to our commander huh punk” one of the foot soldiers snarls. 
“Shut it!” Shouts Murf. 
“Leave my presence at once, join up with Heron's group” orders Murf. 
“Y-yes mam” the soldiers quiver. The soldiers at once, hop on their horses and ride off to join Heron. 
“Is that really you? Rey?” Asks Murf in utter disbelief. 
“I don’t know anymore” Rey responds. Murf laughs, 
“well what is that supposed to mean?” She laughs again. 
“I don’t think I’m the same as I was… you know, in that hell where you knew me as me” Rey responds with a new timid look across his covered face. 
“It’s definitely you Rey, that getting all sad look, that’s your specialty” Murf says. A long pause ensues. 
“I missed you ya know” Murf breaks the silence. 
“I still miss you” Rey bounces back. 
“What are you talking about? I'm right here!” questions Murf who is now walking towards the still motionless Rey. 
“I don’t know if I can accept that,” says Rey. 
“What is that supposed to mean?” Asks Murf confused. 
“Well for the past however many years I’ve been waiting for this day to come, it’s now shown up so suddenly. It almost seems too good to be true” answers Rey. 
“Let me take you back with me to the capitol, Rey” Murf says. 
“I’m not fit to be whatever those guys were” answers Rey. 
“Well-” Murf was cut off. 
“What do we have here?” a strange voice calls out from over the hill tops. A pack of two men waltz over to where Murf and Rey are. 
“Who might you two be? Apparently Bold enough to interrupt us” Murf threatens. “We’re here to take this lad” says one of the men. 
“Ya, we’ve seen what he can do, you can’t hide him from us” the other says. 
“What’re talkin about, what'd you idiots see?” Murf responds. Then men look confused, thinking that Murf had known about Rey’s powers. 
“I guess you don’t know about the oil you’ve struck, this man has one of those abilities”. 
“What? Rey? No way.” Questions Murf. 
“You get those from the grace of an angel, and there hasn’t been one in hundreds of years.” Explains Murf. 
“Or so you thought” one of the men responds. 

Part 6 “Forgotten”

          Rey, who’s been standing in silence this whole time, starts to feel tension in the air coming from Murf. 
“Begone now” Murf tells the men. 
“Well of course, but first we need that lad over there” seemingly the leader of the two retorts. 
“You're not taking him!” Murf gets ready for combat. Murf looks over at Rey who’s now looking at her with confusion all over his face. 
“Who are you?” Asks Rey. 
“Wha-what” Murf says, stunned. 
“Haha, oh wow, he’s all messed up isn’t he” the leader says. Rey has forgotten. Forgotten how or why he's here. Forgotten about Murf. 
“Well lad let’s get goin, you're here by one of us now.” The leader declares now stepping towards Rey. 
“Wait! No way!” Yells Murf. 
“Come on Rey, what’s going on, why have you forgotten me!” Begs Murf. 
“Seems the lady needs a lesson chief” says the second guy, who is covered in a dark cloak. The cloak seems to shift and bounce around all over the guy's body as if it’s alive. 
“This here is the most powerful celestial dragon armor ever known to man” he states confidently. Murf starts to draw her sword. But before she can even get it out of the holster, the man shoots out his cloak and blasts her ten feet away from Rey, separating the two. It’s no contest, this man is too powerful for the lieutenant Commander of the capitol army. 
“You can’t even take one hit from Razor,” the evil man says. Murf stumbles up with her saber now drawn. 
“You have no chance of winning,” he states. 
“Dang…it” Murf says, trying to stay conscious. She collapses as Rey looks over to the leader. 
“Hey there lad nice to meetcha” says the leader extending his hand out for a firm handshake. Pac rushes over as the now three make their way farther from the town. “Wait! youngin! Where are you going?” Screams Pac as he stands over Murf's unconscious body. Pac's voice seems to get muffled as the leader and the dark cloaked man begin to talk. 
“I’m Ayman,” says the dark cloaked man. 
“I’m Vulcan” says the leader.
“Let’s hurry on our journey now”. 

Part 7 “Surprise meeting”


          A year has gone by and Rey has been traveling with Ayman and Vulcan to the capitol.
“What are we even going to do at the capitol?” Ayman asks Vulcan who is setting up a makeshift campsite for the night. Vulcan takes a second to answer his question.
“Well, we’re going to do what we pretty much do everyday" Vulcan pauses, "steal from everyone, rich or poor”. Rey comes back from a day of gathering resources for their journey.
“Oh there you are Rey, I thought we lost you again” says Vulcan with a worrisome half joking look on his face. Rey grins,
“ya well I did get lost for a bit looking for more berries and wood but I eventually found my way back”.
Ayman looks over at Vulcan who is now finished, “Does he always talk this much?”.
“Well it has been awhile since we’ve met up but ya, pretty much ever since we got back from fighting those villagers at mountains peak, he's been pretty fluid with his speaking” blabs Vulcan with Rey half listening as all he wants to do is rest.
“What are we searching for again? I forgot” Asks Rey who still believes the lie Vulcan told him many months prior. Vulcan and Ayman look at each other with a concerned expression.
“We are searching for adventure and glory!” Screams Vulcan with Ayman smirking in the background. The night gets dark as the light from the fire gets brighter. Vulcans sits by the fire and thinks to himself,
“Never again will I tell Rey what we actually do”.
He looks over at Ayman who is thinking the same thing “We’re just glad he's an idiot who forgets things, but he's too useful to get rid of with that strong ability of his”. The fire cracks as the memory of a girl starts to appear in Rey's empty head and the words “my everything” fills up his last thoughts as he falls asleep. The next morning rolls around as the sound of footsteps alerts Vulcan to his feet. 
“Get up men, we have company!” shouts Vulcan alerting Rey and Ayman. 
“Now, now, we’re not staying long, but we have come for a reason” says a strange voice. Before Rey could even stand, he felt a force punch him through the air like he’d been flung by the wind, crashing into a tree knocking him out.
The voice shouts out, “Get ‘em Luca”. A different force now points at Ayman who is now on his feet. The ground, fresh from the morning, covers Aymans bare feet in mud.
“What is this feeling?” thinks Ayman, looking over at Rey who has been knocked out lying in the mud. A blast rings out shooting dirt every which way. It’s Vulcans ability, the ability to shoot explosion like energy out from his palms, 
“Commander Heron!” Shouts Luca. Vulcan is now fighting the leader of the group who's been the one communicating. Another blast shoots out of Vulcan's palms uprooting some nearby trees. This mysterious force continues to lurk towards Ayman. Luca circles back towards Ayman as the now two enemy’s swarm him. Ayman, who is in a somewhat delirious state from being jarred awake, summons his weapon cloak as the two begin their attack. 
“Razor come to me”, Shouts Ayman. The first strike comes from Luca, landing square in the middle of Aymans torso. 
“Razor's defense is like no other” Yells Ayman hoping to end this fight quickly. Razor starts to twist around the impact of the punch to absorb its force. Luca lands another blow and a third attack comes from another. It comes from an unknown source. 
“What was that!” shouts Ayman who has been hurt by the attack. He takes a step back, almost slipping in the mud and thinks.
“Why couldn't Razor deflect that”.
“You're probably asking yourself, why couldn't I block that” a voice echos. A vail seems to lift as another character enters the battle. 
“another one!?” shouts Vulcan holding back their leader still sending trees flying from his blasts. Ayman smerks thinking,
“this is the kind of ability i've been looking for”. He runs for the new opponent, forming his cloak into a sharp sword like blade. He goes to swing but right before landing the blow the same veil closes around the enemy. 
“So that's how it works” Ayman whispers to himself. Rey awakens from his deep sleep to aid his friends when he opens his eyes to see Luca standing before him ready to swing. They get into a scuffle with Rey waving his hands around as the same beams of light that protected Pac follow the path of his hands. Luca grabs a piece of the earth to throw it at the light, deflecting its path now closing the distance between them. Now in close quarters, Rey uses the skills that Vulcan taught him to quickly dodge trying to find openings. During the scuffle a loud bang is heard as the ground begins to shake. 
“Shoot! the lines moving” says Heron with a disappointing look all over his face. 
Luca gasps from the exchange of blows, 
“We’ll meet again… I'm sure of it”. 
“Diel, let's get moving” commands Heron. A vail appears over the two concealing them.


